What are you going to do? What are you going to do?
My experience is that of a wealthy person with disabilities.
I'll give you some points. Don't ride too heavy.
You boy, how do you speak?
No more country. I need to eat then.
Ha, a few minutes away, come over here.
Stay as usual. Don't think that you are a superior, pure adult.
Can no one control you?
Oh, Mr. Ye, you are worthy of my hard work.
Aren’t we afraid of burdening others with our own hands?
My hands have been connected to my hands on others.
The existence of a country that cannot be forced
That doesn't make sense either
you surpassed him
That's what you call influence
Open my faction and see
If you bully the heart-to-heart Blessed Lord, take action
Let me ask you Mr. Lu
In front of novice Gu
Don't ask for success with fox hands
The kind of streak you can't hear is dead
You can die
I'll give you a chance to eat in the end, but you can't do it